Half an hour away from the opens of Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Y Ivon Man
with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. Our top stories today, a
muted start to trading for Asian stocks,
oil dipping. You have investors uh
assessing the limited progress from
President Trump's summit with Vladimir
Putin.
>> Lyn Zinsky and European allies now head
to Washington for talks as Trump
pressures Ukraine to accept a ceasefire
deal by giving up territory to Russia.
Plus, we take a closer look at the
growing divergence between the Chinese
economy and its stock market with shares
gaining momentum despite gloomy economic
data.
[Music]
Good Monday morning. Welcome to the
program. from a glance at equity markets
and certainly momentum on a weekly basis
has been pointing up. We're holding
trading near u session highs uh as you
can see on the screens here at least on
as far as the NK goes here. We're
trading near record highs on a global
benchmark basis. Uh the pull we're
getting today though is we're coming out
of Korea and right now as you can see
out of Taiwan as well. So Asia Pacific
within 3 and a half% of record highs.
We're down though about 2% going into
the Chinese open today. Cross asset
look. What are we watching? You're
looking at threat oil prices and energy
shares in between uh on the back of
these prospects of Donald Trump pulling
back at least his tariff threats
additional tariff threats on China
related to Russ you know their purchases
of Russian oil. We can unpack that later
on. Jackson Hole of course is weak. Uh
is there
will will will will the Fed share
effectively cement these expectations or
is there actually room to fade uh these
bets coming through around the September
meeting or cut September meeting. dollar
index right now is hovering in and
around the the key moving average right
now. uh that comes ahead of course of
Jackson Hole and gold futures right now
has been stuck in a in a very tight
range of late the last what four or five
weeks or so right now might be some
distance from Friday but you know
certainly some stocks to watch going
into the open today you have NEO and XP
leading the the gains on Friday in the
US session so that's one sort of one
cohort to watch today as well as some of
the solar plays as you can see
substantial gains as well uh in the
Friday session in the United States
going into the open today futures coming
up on your screens uh hibbor is a big
part of the conversation with strength
coming through of course in the Hong
Kong dollar as you can see now we're
quite some distance from the 785
um limits on demand as well so you know
the big jump in hiber rates on Friday
right 40 basis points was the highest or
the biggest single day jump in highore
going back to about two two and a half
years from now and speaking of a sort of
moving up in yields 10ear yield at 176
is a level we haven't seen since get
this liberation day in early April so
this meltup in Chinese 10ear yields and
what that tells us about the underlying
state of the economy and whether or not
the rally here actually makes sense
given the glooiness around the actual
economy.
>> Yeah, the inflation trade is still there
as you mentioned despite what we saw in
that data dump on Friday. We're
basically disappointed in multiple
fronts as well. So this dichconomy, this
gap that we're seeing, can it continue?
We're going to dive deeper into that
with Bank of America and B&B Baraba in
the next hour of the show. But in the
meantime, here's what to watch in
greater China here this week and today
really Wangi and India. That's first and
foremost coming off of course after what
we've been hearing from any news from
Alaska and really what this means when
it comes to uh the thawing of ties
between Russia and China. That's
certainly going to be one theme that
we're watching out for. Southbound
flows, right? Friday was a record when
it comes to mainland Chinese investors
buying Hong Kong stocks. $4.6 billion
and basically making up 86% of that sort
of quota there. So turnover certainly is
the key thing to watch. Sectors in terms
of earnings, we have NEVs, we have
banks, we have solar to watch out for as
well. earnings including the likes of
Leap Motor, that's one to watch here.
Xiaomi, Xpong, the like. Uh Shanghai
Composite, we talk about some of those
levels there. And of course, as Hibbor,
as Dave mentioned, is also what to
watch. But we kind of talk about what
happened in Anchorage. And really, there
wasn't a deal. But then again, it seems
like we're now getting into this meeting
between Zalinski in the Oval Office and
European allies. And there's a lot of
questions on what they can do to kind of
steer maybe Trump off maybe what was
discussed in Alaska in some ways and
bring it back to their agenda and
certainly it could be a pretty tall
order there.
>> Yeah. And you know, we know what
happened last time Zilinsky was in the
Oval Office, right? that's still in many
people's memories and now he's coming of
course with the group and you know his
backers sort of to help understand I
think for one what the security
guarantees if that's going to be part of
the conversation and whether or not the
focus will be then be on some of
Russia's demands and what those demands
actually are
>> on territory
>> on territory right and what the
trade-off is between the two because
again we don't know a lot of details of
what happened what the agreement was
coming out of anchorage and what that
also means for the Chinese tariff
conversation right because I think
Donald Trump himself said he doesn't
need to be talking about higher
terrorist on China this time around in
relation to purchases of Russian oil,
but he may need to revisit that in a
couple of weeks.
>> And what does that mean for for India,
right? Countries like that that still
continue to buy uh Russian oil and are
still in the midst of a very very tough
kind of trade negotiations with the US
as well. So that's certainly a lot that
we need to weave into, right? I love the
FT's Gideon Rowman. He mentioned
Zilinsky in the lion's den. This time
he's going into the lion's den with a
lot of allies, right? a whole list you
mentioned from from your AU to back him
up in some ways and maybe try to avoid
what happened back in February as well
in the Oval Office. Uh turn our
attention now to maybe Jackson Hole,
right? That's the big one as you
mentioned, right? How dovish can this
be? The speech from Jay Powell and and
is he going to really kind of settle the
speculation once and for all that maybe
we're getting sooner to a cut?
>> Yeah. Can he endorse it 100% right in
terms of what the market is pricing as
far as that cut goes? I mean, he still
has again lots of data between the time
when we have the meeting, of course, and
of course the the jobs report, well, the
actual September 18 Fed meeting and of
course the payroll support will
effectively cement that and not so much
the the the speech itself. So, we'll see
how clear and how how committed uh he
might actually sound J. Powell ahead of
all these things coming through. Uh,
right. But again, taking place against
the backdrop of an equity market that is
doing quite well despite all the risks
out there. Yep. All right, let's get to
our top story first and foremost here.
President Trump in meeting with his
Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, in
Alaska over the weekend and agreeing on
security guarantees for Ukraine. Let's
hear from the two leaders following that
meeting.
>> I believe we had a very productive
meeting. There were many, many points
that we agreed on, most of them, I would
say, a couple of big ones that we
haven't quite gotten there, but we've
made some headway.
So, uh, there's no deal until there's a
deal.
>> I would like to thank President Trump
for our joint work, for the well-wishing
and trustworthy tone of our
conversation. It's important that both
sides are resultoriented and we see that
the president of the US has a very clear
idea of what he would like to achieve.
He sincerely cares about prosperity of
his nation. Still, he understands that
Russia has its own national interests. I
expect that today's agreements will be
the starting point not only for the
solution of the Ukrainian issue but also
will help us bring back business-like
and pragmatic relations between Russia
and the US.
>> And Jill Das is here with us, our
Bloomberg News Desk editor to help us
understand to give us a preview. And
things are moving fairly quickly on this
front.
>> Yes. Uh that's right, David. And I think
there's still a lot of questions about
what exactly these security guarantees
would actually contain. So I thought
what was particularly interesting was
after this meeting uh Steve Whipth the
special envoy uh for Donald Trump said
that uh actually some of the things that
they had been agreed upon in the meeting
in the meeting including some language
that would be akin to um like NATO
article 5 type language which
essentially means that if um you know
potentially if Ukraine is attacked then
NATO would treat it as if you know an
ally was attacked but at the same time
uh we also heard from Witoff that
Putin's red line is NATO membership that
he absolutely would not uh consider uh
you know membership for uh Ukraine in in
in NATO. So you kind of have these
conflicting ideas about how exactly that
kind of security guarantee would
actually result. And so um again that's
kind of opening the door to I think some
lack of clarity and confusion there. Uh
you also had Marco Rubio the secretary
of state uh you know giving um you know
sort of not going as far as Whit did
necessarily in terms of talking about
some of those security guarantees. And
then all of this combined with the fact
that you know we do know that Putin um
you know really does uh you know want to
some some land guarantees out of this
kind of uh you know out of out of
whatever would happen in a potential
truce. Trump seems pretty receptive to
that idea as well and we've heard from
Zalinsky that that wouldn't be on the
table for him. So it does feel like even
though you've had this big discussion
obviously we've got uh this upcoming
meeting. I'm not really sure that we're
much closer in terms of actually
understanding what a true uh ceasefire
or ultimate peace deal would look like.
And I think you can't help but think
about what's going to happen later on
today and and think back at what
happened in the Oval Office just six
months ago when Zilinsky had a very
disastrous trip there. How much do you
think that trip is really kind of
hanging on on his mind here as he gets
into the White House once again?
>> Yes, Ivon. Well, look, I think um you
know, certainly you can't forget that
meeting. Um as you said earlier though,
this is a little bit different. I mean
certainly Zalinsky goes into this
meeting with a lot more allies. You've
got Ursula Vanderland is attending.
You've got the UK's Kier Starmer. Uh
you've got Maloney from Italy. You've
got um you know, I think the the German
chancellor is going as well. You've got
a pretty large contingent of European
leaders, all of whom have a pretty
vested interest in making sure that
their thoughts are heard here.
Obviously, you know, they had an
opportunity to do that in a in a call
with Trump last week ahead of this uh uh
this meeting with Putin. Um so that does
kind of change the calculus a little bit
there. So maybe it's a better meeting
for Zilinski. Also, um, you know, unlike
earlier this year, uh, you know, Trump
does seem to have grown increasingly
frustrated with the fact that he can't
get Putin and Russia to a deal. Um, I
mean, he certainly expressed a lot more
frustration with Putin recently than he
has with Zalinski. So, maybe that plays
in favor, but of course, anything could
happen in the Oval Office. Um, and it
kind of uh, you know, ultimately depends
on how exactly Trump then conveys, you
know, some of what happened in this
meeting with Putin as well. So yeah, I
mean, you know, it does feel like such a
live meeting um that's happening later
today. And then ultimately, I mean,
maybe that's really um whatever comes
out of that meeting may be ultimately
what's most critical for, you know,
achieving some kind of a deal here.
>> All right, Jill. Thank you. Jill D is
there, our desk editor with the latest
on what is to come uh on this Monday uh
in the White House as well. Let's check
in on the market reaction and really
what to look ahead to this week with our
executive editor Paul Dobson in
Singapore. Paul, it's a pretty mild
reaction, I guess, what we're seeing
across markets after this sort of uh
Trump Putin meeting, but I'm wondering,
you know, with Jackson Hole at the end
of the week to really kind of wrap
things up for us. What's going to be top
of mind for you?
>> Uh yeah, good morning, Ivonne. So, the
the market reaction may be fairly mild,
but it's also uh notably kind of a
slightly positive tone, right? We have
slightly weaker oil prices. We have
futures for US and European equities up
a little bit. The FX market has a weaker
yen, a stronger Aussie dollar. So all
skewing in a slightly risk on uh way.
I'm quite surprised because I felt that
the market was already pretty
optimistically priced going into this
meeting. Uh we had some rallies when uh
the the news was announced that Trump
was going to be meeting with Putin. Um,
you know, probably what we actually got
out of it was more or less the base case
scenario. The Trump did not ratchet up
uh pressure on Russia notably. Um, so
perhaps, you know, kind of that eases
the pressure on oil prices. They're down
around a two-month low. Um, he also
didn't get a peace deal uh or or
anything like that or a ceasefire as
yet, but left the door open for that to
happen at some point. And so therefore,
maybe that's why the the European equity
complex in the US market is just leaning
a little bit positive this morning. Um
you're right, the the the the back end
of the week is also going to be
important when we get to Jackson Hole.
Um we'll um of course be very interested
to hear how uh much uh Powell um signals
that the Fed is going to start cutting
interest rates again and how aggressive
it might be when that gets going.
Yeah, Paul, I'm looking at the pricing
in the rates markets around the
September meeting and you know markets
have certainly tempered a little bit
their expectations there. 85%
probability of a rate cut. Can I ask you
about China and the rally taking place
there particularly on shore yet massive
flows coming through as well into Hong
Kong uh through the stock connect on
Friday. Uh it's a big earnings week in
China as well. Just help us understand
what your team's looking at there.
Yeah, I that positive momentum seems to
be carrying through, doesn't it? We're
close to some pretty exciting breakout
levels, particularly on the Shanghai
comp, not so close on the CSI. So, it
sort of depends which case you're
watching to take the temperature of
Chinese markets. But, nonetheless, there
feels like there's that kind of steady
drip drip drip of uh of uh stimulus on
the policy front in in in terms of um
social payments, social welfare
payments, that kind of thing. the market
likes the anti-inflution narrative as
well. Um so we're getting that uh that
buoyancy coming through in the equity
space still and on the flip side uh a
little bit of pressure on the bond
market as well. Those yields ratcheting
up. Um we'll be paying as you said
attention to uh what we hear on the
earnings front um and the economic data
and watching those scientific liquidity
which has been pretty flush in the
market at the moment has been helping it
it lift up. There's been some reports
coming back because we had the slightly
weaker data last week talking about the
the possibility of some stimulus on the
monetary front as well at some point
this year. I mean, I don't think
anybody's holding their breath on that
particularly, but um watch for any any
signs that that is uh getting a little
bit more of a stronger indication in in
the in the financial news commentary uh
this week as well.
>> Paul, thank you. Paul Dobson in
Singapore for us, our Asia Markets
executive editor. Right. Coming up here
on shows, more on the Ukrainian
president's highstakes visit to
Washington this coming this Monday. Of
course, with backup from key, well,
everyone's pretty much going to be
there. We'll get a view from China next.
Also to mention going into the open
today, well, for one thing, we're
looking at the weather again uh heavy
rain in Hong Kong this morning. And
number two, uh Huah Hong Semi is
suspending its trading in Shanghai
Monday. No word though on the Hong Kong
listing. Uh the company is planning to
buy a controlling stake in Shanghai Hali
Micro. More on that plus other moves to
track the opening bell 15 minutes away.
Good morning.
[Music]
Right. European Commission President
Ursula Leavander Lane will lead a host
of European leaders supporting uh
Vladimir Zilinski as he makes a trip of
course to the US in that meeting in the
White House later Monday with President
Trump. Now the Ukrainian president uh
will be keen to find out exactly what
Trump committed to during his summit
with Vladimir Putin.
>> Our next guest thinks that Trump is
running out of time to broker a deal.
Joseph Mahoney is professor of politics
and international relations at East
China Normal University and joins us
from Shanghai this morning. Joseph, it's
always great to have you. Um, you know,
there's a lot of questions of what was
agreed upon. Tell us a bit more what you
think came out of Anchorage.
Well, I think first of all the fact that
the meeting took place on Russian soil,
when I saw that Putin was going to go to
Alaska, which you know, notwithstanding
the historical legacy that that once
belonged to Russia, it was was really
quite surprising given, you know, all of
the sort of criminal discourse that
we've associated with uh Putin in
American mainstream media over the last
several years. U but I think it was it
was a show of confidence. I think
certainly the what we saw him insisting
on with terms, although they were
probably a bit inflated as a negotiating
tactic um clearly demonstrates that
Russia feels like it has prevailed and
that the spoils of war go to the victor
in this case and and I don't think we
saw a considerable push back from Donald
Trump on this.
>> And how does that then color this
upcoming meeting with Vladimir
Misilinski heading to the Oval Office?
Is he is he walking into the lion's den
you think there Joseph?
>> Well I agree with with your leadins
where you were saying that he's going
with these various European leaders as
sort of a cover for protection but of
course they have their own interest. Uh
they're concerned of course about the
future of NATO. Certainly Zalinsky if
you've been to Ukraine you've seen the
NATO symbols everywhere. Ukraine
certainly envisions itself being part of
NATO and even the European Union at some
point. Uh but the future of NATO at this
at this point is is really um something
that is concerning for for European
leaders who aren't prepared yet to
really take full responsibility for
their own security. Um I do I do think
that the the goal here is to um with
European leaders to to try to assure
their their own voters that uh they're
engaged and being part of this even
though Trump has largely excluded them.
And and I would say, you know, it wasn't
simply the the the the bad meeting that
Zalinsky had in the White House
previously. We also have to go back to
the to the meeting where where Vance at
the beginning of the Trump uh second
term where he went and he browbeed uh
European leaders on European soil. So
>> these I think are some some broader
issues. Yeah.
>> And we're speak we're hearing from the
president uh now in a truth social post
saying Zilinski can end the war with
Russia almost immediately. he could end
the war with Russia if he wants to. So
he is continuing to put more pressure on
Zalinski it seems uh this morning.
Joseph, I have to get your take on on
overall this whole concept of security
guarantees. What do you think was
actually discussed in that front? I mean
does it mean that it requires some sort
of commitment from Europe to fight if in
fact Russia attacks Ukraine again? And
what do you think is the US's role in
all that?
Well, you know, I think that Russia has
strateged it strategic goals in in
Ukraine. In fact, these were largely
secured a couple of years ago or at
least a year and a half ago and uh the
fighting that we've seen since then has
really just been trying to create
pressures to to bring uh some sort of
resolution. I don't think uh Putin has
additional um uh substantially
additional objectives in Ukraine at this
point. And I think it's also a foregone
conclusion that we'll see something uh
like a NATO security um protection for
Ukraine going forward. Um and that that
would be the tradeoff that Putin he will
accept that for for the for the
territory that they've already uh seized
and and um I don't think that he'll get
much more if any. But the the question
about Zalinsky is, you know, um when I
was in Ukraine, uh two summers ago doing
research, uh what I found was a country
that was very divided politically and uh
there are a lot of different um um
political interest groups there. Um
Ukraine has really struggled, I think,
to to to um to believe that they could
um maybe negotiate a peace. So it's I
the idea that that Trump says Zalinski
could, you know, make a deal
immediately. I'm not sure that's the
case. I'm not sure that his that he can
impose that sort of uh deal on the
various factions that are that are still
uh likely subdividing Ukrainian
politics.
>> So Joseph, just a quick word then and
just based on the last comment you just
made just now.
Are we are we getting our hopes too high
of a meeting between Zilinski and Putin?
Some say it could happen by the end of
this week.
>> You know, I think that anything is
possible. I I couldn't have imagined
that that Putin would have agreed to to
meet uh again Trump and and Alaska. I
would have thought a third country would
have been more likely. Um but uh you
know and and I think the animosity that
that Putin has for Zillinsky and vice
versa is is considerable. I I don't
think we'll see a meeting this week, but
I do think we will see considerable
pressure from the White House uh bring
being bring being brought to bear on
Zilinsky and Europe, but this being
purchased by maybe um Europe, the US
taking a softer position towards NATO in
in Concord with European concerns and
maybe even providing the sort of
security guarantees that uh Ukraine
wants and perhaps needs.
And Joseph, the way that at least the
most direct way that China's been in
been pulled into the conversation has
been because of these purchases of and
India, I should also note purchases of
Russian oil. How do we need to be
looking at that specific prism?
>> Well, you know, I think in the case of
um of uh we we've seen obviously Trump
try to politicize this, you know,
threaten India with increased tariffs
because of the Russian oil purchases.
It's interesting that that India has uh
increased its American or US crude
purchases by 51% this year. Sort of a
curious number, but that's still a
fraction of the of the of the amount of
oil that they're buying from Russia. And
in fact, I think it's really difficult
to to wean uh India off Russian oil
because it's so heavily discounted um
that other countries, the US can't
really compete with with the price that
Russia is selling at. And plus it takes
time to diversify. Now, we saw China
diversifying. We've seen China sourcing
more energy from Central Asia, from the
Middle East, and declining to build a
new pipeline uh despite Putin wanting
that um to Russia. So, uh I think this
has been balanced. But anyway, I it will
take time and Trump simply doesn't have
time for that for that sort of game to
play out. In the meantime, we will have
uh the potential of India, China, and
Russia drawing closer together.
something that that Trump is certainly
looking over his shoulder uh at as he as
he tries to move forward and resolve
this conflict with Ukraine and Russia.
>> Yeah, the energy dependency sort of
angle we certainly need to stress as
well. Joseph, thank you. Joseph Gregory
Mahoney there, professor of politics and
international relations at East China
Norman University. Your free market is
coming up. We're slightly to the upside
in the hang here. Plenty more to come.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, we are just three points away
on the Shanghai Composite from setting a
fresh 10-year high. We'll watch that at
the open, plus other things. The opening
bell is coming up next.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China show counting down to the open at
markets and we are on a bit of a run on
shore markets. We're very close to
certain milestones. Hanging index is
flat going into the open today and of
course there's a lot of event risk
earnings.
>> Big meeting coming through in the White
House and of course at the end of this
week is a monetary policy extravaganza.
>> Jackson Hole is what you're talking
about. Uh there's a lot of volatility in
the weather too, right? talk about
>> the different rainstorms and my heart
goes out to all the parents out there
that was checking the weather this
morning and what the education bureau
was saying as well. Certainly a lot of
back and forth on that front as well.
But yes, markets are still doing very
well despite the weather, right? Take a
look at what we've been seeing uh when
it comes to the Shanghai Composite. As
Dave mentioned, we're flirting flirting
with those 10-year highs right now for
the Asshare market and certainly we're
watching very closely that you know weak
data doesn't really derail it. In fact,
maybe it's a bad news is good news
situation that we're seeing that maybe
this means more bets on further
stimulus. Shanghai Composite, there you
go. We're at 3712 here right now. Uh
we're up about 4/10en of 1%. And CGB
yields, right? You talk about that
10-year yield hitting 175 176. Yep.
>> That is a four-month high for that
gauge. So certainly you're seeing money
taking out of bonds and into still into
the equity market. And we we'll talk
about those southbound flows later on
later on. But yes, it was a record on
Friday of mainland investors buying up
Hong Kong stocks once again. And you
take a look at what you know we're
looking into in Hong Kong. Yeah, you're
seeing a little bit more momentum here.
So key to work look out for is of course
a lot of earnings to tell you about
particularly when it comes to the tech
side of things. So Xiaomi, Xpong, the
like some of the EV makers, PopMart,
Laoo, they're all reporting this week as
well. So certainly some big names uh
that could actually move the dial here
and we're watching very closely what
goes on uh when it comes to the tech
space right so Alibaba bu and tenscent
all doing pretty well this morning we're
watching some of the oil names the oil
markets actually fell after what we
heard what came out of that Alaska meme
between Putin and Trump so it's market
has saw it as a little bit of a positive
maybe some progress at least we we've
taken away that possibility of the worst
case scenario of a breakdown in talks
and that's why we're seeing some of the
these oil names are moving lower but
it's a pretty mixed picture overall and
earnings earnings earnings today right
so link motor that certainly is one
thing to watch given the the surge in
the stock which we'll tell you about I
think it's about 200% or something of
late so that's certainly one to watch
here the next in the sort of rising EV
stars out there as well uh also watching
XEP so BioParma May 2 are all looking to
post quarterly earnings here today but
Dave it's really about liquidity
liquidity liquidity
>> it's I mean it's been enough right uh
Yeah, up until this point you didn't re
really need an economy that was firing
on all cylinders. In fact, you could
actually think about it that way that is
the market actually part of this sort of
policy cocktail cocktail of policies to
help reflate consumer sentiment. I mean
certainly all this liquidity coming in
whether that's coming through out of low
interest rates whether the trade surplus
and then rehashing of course all the
dollar in the system for one it's coming
into Hong Kong and of course on Friday
we hit a record high in terms of the the
amounts of net purchases of Hong Kong
stocks from male investors uh this hit
about 36 billion uh 36 billion which is
actually about 80 85% of the daily
quotas in fact we've never actually seen
that level right 3704 currently on In
the Shanghai Composite, the level you're
watching is 3715
and then you have two decimal points.
So, we're extremely close now.3%
from hitting the 2021 high. Beyond that,
we're back to the highest level in about
10 years or so. So, a lot of levels to
watch today or at least this week at
one.
>> Yes. Um and we keep hitting them, it
seems, uh day after day when it comes to
other turnover and the like. So,
certainly we'll continue to watch of
course uh this a share rally. were still
set for a fourth straight month of gains
on these China listed a shares and
really despite last week's data showing
the economy slowing across the board in
July. Let's bring in Winnie Shu, our
Asia equities reporter. She's with us
here right now and it seems like traders
are really willing to brush off any sort
of bad news after we got a pretty
disappointing data dump on Friday.
>> Yeah, exactly. Friday with the weak
data. It was actually really surprising
how the market reacted, right? We were
trying to figure out why that the
Chinese stocks were so resilient on
Friday and main reasons we heard like
you mentioned earlier was that these
weak data potentially means that the
government might come in and step in
with more policy support. But overall
when you take a step back the sentiment
has been pretty strong because of the
better relationship between US and China
especially when you compare that with
India that was getting hit by a 50%
tariff. So that change in sentiment and
also a big part retail liquidity was
what you mentioned last week. We saw
that record amount of uh savings among
Chinese households and also margin loans
taken out to invest in the Chinese
stocks. Right? So those are quite
supportive of that slow bull run in the
Chinese markets that we also see the
government was trying to promp trying to
promote for. And again, we're looking at
southbound flow still as a leading
indicator. What are you guys watching
specifically there particularly this
week and today?
>> Yeah. So like we talked about just now
overall sentiment has been strong for
the Chinese market and whether that's
onshore offshore both quite strong and
in terms of offshore um we talked about
the earnings that we'll be watching
soon. So that is what's on top of what
we've discussed as that um the catalyst
for the onshore market. You've also get
you've also got uh kind of the tech
stocks that we're watching which has
been already rising um on the deepseek
optimism earlier this year but actually
you know with the ongoing conversations
between China and the US around the H20
chips people are betting that you know
the China tech names actually have more
to come and um the overall sentiment
among global investors are also rising
for uh the Chinese stocks because of
that rotation. potentially away from
India and into China. So for the
offshore market, we're seeing whether
it's from the mainland investors or
global investors, uh the outperformance
is still likely to continue um as it has
already um risen about like more than
20% this year. And with that, we're
seeing the narrowing of the AH premium
and that is at a um is at the lowest
since 2017.
So actually last year JP Morgan had a
very interesting note saying that they
might see uh the AH premium to reach
parody in 2026 or 2027 if we expect the
southbound flow to continue to be quite
strong.
>> Interesting. And and there's still some
structural issues, right? When you talk
about we're still in deflation, property
market is still a concern here. I mean
those are still some key headwinds for
any kind of long-term investors to to
really jump on this rally.
>> Yeah, exactly. So actually with this
year being the 35th year of the onshore
market, we took a step back to look at
why some of the long-term investors are
still unwilling to invest in Chinese
market and that is because how it's set
up to be really more about funds uh
raising funds instead of focusing on the
shareholder returns. And when you look
at the past 10 years S&P tripled, right?
And if you invested money in a Chinese
onshore stock market, you only got like
20 30% back. So even while the the
economic has really boomed in the past
10 years. So that really made investors
to still be quite cautious until they
see some structural changes um how the
market is set up if they're going to
actually see uh the the stock market to
provide more incentives for shareholder.
And yes, we've seen some um push from
the government. However, it's more
important than ever for the government
to prop up that onshore stock market,
especially because the property market
hasn't been really providing confidence
for the Chinese investors. So with a
stronger stock market, they are
potentially um going to have the Chinese
investors to see more investment and to
see more gains around the investment
which can potentially help with their um
consumption and with that that can
potentially help improve that trade
imbalance that we're seeing between the
US and China.
>> Yeah, they got to move that record
household savings somewhere. All right,
Winnie, thank Wishu there who covers
Asia equities for us and we'll be
talking more in our next hour about this
very own disconnect right that we're
talking about between markets and
economy we have BA global research and
PMBB parabuzz Jason Lloyd to talk about
so Helen Chow and Jason will be joining
us here in the next hour to discuss mind
the gap they say
[Music]
All
right, it's a big week for earnings as
well. It's not just about Jackson Hole,
not just about what's going on in Alaska
and DC later on as well. So, here you
go. Here's just a kind of a list of
them. I mean,
>> oh, there's a beer.
>> Take a look.
>> Is there a beer?
>> Yeah, China resources beer.
>> I mean, yeah, you might need one after
gravitate towards you wrap around and
digest all this. It's going on. the Hong
Kong Exchange, PopMart, you have a
little bit of the biotech space as well.
Bioarma, Wooshi Biologic, Laauu Gold,
you want traditional consumption players
like Leaning as well. You got Wanka. I
mean, it's it's a little bit of
everything
>> really. So, take your pick on what you
want to take a look at.
>> I'm more consignio guy,
>> are you?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Not labubus,
>> old school, fundamental, necessary. Uh,
but yeah, I mean, you could make the
same argument for labubus really if you
depends who you ask. All right, let's
ask the our team of experts, right? Uh
really what the outlook is and bring our
Asia tech correspondent Annabelle
Jewelers. Uh Bel, there's a lots of
names to really highlight this week, but
you're also looking at just how
investors are still continuing to really
lean into the AM AI theme in Asia, too.
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean, we've
continued rather to see these companies
or rather asset managers continuing to
pivot toward AI. I mean, you had sort of
the the success of course of Deep Seek,
but you've also had these semiconductor
firms in in Asia like TSMC, of course,
but you've just got essentially
investors that are doubling down now on
the AI bet. So, it is a winning trade in
this region. AI companies are actually
the six biggest contributors to the
gains that we've seen in emerging market
stocks so far this year. But I do think
it's sort of important to caveat when we
talk about emerging market stocks, the
names that we talk about are not
necessarily names we think about as
being emerging market names either. But
ones like TSMC as I mentioned at
Tencent, Alibaba, Samsung, SKH Highix,
Xiaomi, they've altogether contributed
for nearly 40% of the index's rally. So
it just tells you the sort of growth
you're seeing. You can see here how that
is really driving uh earnings bets and
and and building into these broader EM
profit projections. What's interesting
to note as well is you is how you
continue to see these bets on AI
actually contributing to to the bottom
line because firms in the AI heavy IT
sector have actually consistently been
meeting earnings expectations since the
fourth quarter of last year. You can't
actually say the same thing for EM
stocks generally.
>> That takes us into one specific name
that's reporting tomorrow.
>> Xiaomi.
>> Yeah, there we go.
>> Your favorite.
Yeah, that's actually I'm actually
really happy I'm back from holidays to
>> just in time though.
>> Okay, give us give us a
>> pre vacation. I know.
>> Okay, there's sort of three main stories
to show Xiaomi. You've got the the
smartphones, you've got the home
appliances, and you've got the EVs as
well. So, broadly, we're expecting
strong results. At Bloomberg
Intelligence team is saying that a
headline level sales could have
increased 30% on the year. Smartphones
is going to make up probably the least
portion of that. It is sort of the bread
and butter of the business, but it's
looking at gains and maybe the single
digits. IoT has continued to perform
really strongly for the company, and
that's also off the back of these
tradein programs, these subsidies.
That's expected to extend, but the big
focus is going to be really on the EV
sector and and the business for it
because that has just continued to go
from strength to strength since it was
launched last year. And actually, our
Bloomberg intelligence team in a
separate report is saying that by next
year, Xiaomi could be out selling Tesla
in mainland China. As you start to get
those economies of scale, not only does
it contribute more re revenue, but it
also starts to improve the gross margin
for the business because you get the
economies of scale. And again, Bloomberg
Intelligence is saying that that could
have improved to 22.5% in the latest
reporting period.
>> Okay. Uh
uh you've been also tracking tracking,
no pun intended, there. They were on the
track yesterday or on the weekend,
humanoid robots, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And didn't Uni Tree come out? Uni Tree
came out in front in the 1500 meter race
and they did it in like under 7 minutes.
I mean it's really crazy amount of time.
Uni Tree of course is seen as sort of
the the the the leader in the humanoid
robot space in China or a leader in it.
>> This was a game that I mean you're
seeing this this this vision here. You
can see it kind of goes through
different events that there were. So you
had football for instance, there was
table tennis. I think there was sort of
26 different medals up for grabs. But I
think a lot of that focus really was on
that main race that Uni Tree uh took the
top prize and they had another top prize
in a separate running race. So I mean
>> I love that the the humans have to run
with the robots though.
>> Well that's the thing as well to note
actually because at a lot of the events
it is worth pointing out that that they
were still being controlled by by
humans. It's not just it's not fully
autonomous but yeah I mean boxing
>> you can we can never have enough robot
boxing.
>> Yeah. So anyway, that was that happened
in Beijing. It was a three-day event
over the weekend.
>> It's very
>> Yeah. 6 minutes 35 seconds for the 1500.
>> Could you do that?
>> I believe. Oh, yeah. That's easy. Yeah.
Yeah. That's that's slightly slower than
my half marathon pace, actually.
>> Yeah.
>> Just a little bit.
>> Cuz a mile is 1600, right? It's 1.6. But
but anyway, yes. Also, by the way, Faith
Kipon, if nobody knows, was also on on
with 3,000 meters. That's actually a
real humans in a real race. Also, by the
way, world record o over the weekend.
Anyway, let's let's let's leap back into
our topic, shall we? And of Belle, thank
you so much. By the way, Bel jewelers
there, of course, speaking of leap leap
leaping back into the EV conversation
here. Leap motor posting earnings later
today. The stock is up as Ivon is
pointing out 200% from hitting a low uh
after hitting a low in August of last
year. That's beating Pierce, Xpong, and
as Belle was pointing out, Xiaomi. Uh
Linda Lou, our reporter is here with us.
to give us a preview of the the stakes
are high on this one.
>> Yeah. Well, I think analysts are
expecting Leap Motor to post uh really
strong growth uh for their revenues. Um
their deliveries have just been on a
surge since last year. So, um they've
been seeing really astonishing growth,
more than 100%. So I think revenues are
going to be um quite quite good for this
uh quarter as well as the first half
results. In terms of net income, they're
going to be uh probably slightly lower
increase just uh because Leap Motor
sells very affordable mass market EVs.
>> Tell us a little bit more about this
company. I mean it's not really quite
the household name yet. It's kind of
kind of been the fringe player in the
whole EV space. How did it rise up the
way that it has? Yeah, Limocha has been
an underdog for most of its early years
because its sales haven't really taken
off until probably about last year. Um,
I think part of the reason is that China
has been going through this economic
slowdown and that's caused a quite weak
consumer sentiment. So, that's actually
really helped boost it sales because it
positioning is a really, you know,
affordable mass market brand. sells
really family oriented SUVs. So, I think
um they're coming out more attractive
than some of its peers that probably
target the higherend uh segments. All
right, Linda, thank you. Linda with a
preview there uh when it comes to Leap
Motor. And coming up, we're going to
talk a bit more about earnings there.
Australian property developer Len Lease
is back in black after last year's loss.
Going to speak live with the group CEO
and MD Tony Lombardo about their
turnaround plan, including a massive
devestment of assets. It's much more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some big political stories that we're
tracking for you today. Hundreds of
thousands of Israelis have rallied amid
a nationwide strike demanding an end to
the war in Gaza and a deal with Hamas to
release the remaining hostages.
Organizers of the biggest protest in Tel
Aviv say half a million people gathered
in what's now known as hostage square.
Netanyahu's government this month gave
the army the green light to take control
of the deacto capital, Gaza City, and
crush Hamas holdouts. China is
escalating its trade fight with Canada,
filing a WTO complaint over Ottawa's
steel tariffs and quotas. Beijing calls
a measures quote typical trade
protectionism after also slapping duties
on Canadian canola. Tensions have grown
since Canada moved against Chinese
steel, aluminum, and electric vehicles.
Ottawa says it's protecting domestic
producers hurt by US tariffs.
>> Right. The other big development that
we've seen in the last week and a half
is this coming together between the
Chinese and the Indian side. You have
the Chinese foreign minister Wong is in
fact to in India on Monday as Beijing
steps up efforts to ease these
long-standing tensions. Now his visit
comes with the Modi government's ties
with the US starting to fray over of
course we were just talking about their
tariffs out of the White House. Let's
bring in Mman correspondent to talk. The
timing of this is pretty strategic given
everything else that's going on outside
of it.
>> Yeah. Uh India is actually seeking to
continue trade talks with the US, right?
It's supposed to take place next week
and local media is now reporting that
those talks may be rescheduled. And it's
also interesting given Trump's latest
comments saying that he's going to hold
off these tariffs on China. Doesn't mean
that the US is going to also lower
tariffs on India for you know buying
those uh Russian oil. So this is
certainly something in focus but given
the additional tariffs that India has
been facing that plays a lot more
urgency for India to start to diversify
its market. So we started seeing this
thaw in relations from late last year
after Modi and she met at the sidelines
of the brick summit in Russia. We have
seen how both sides are looking to
resume direct flights uh to both
countries and then also India started
recently to uh give out Chinese uh
tourist visas to Chinese uh nationals as
well.
>> So what are we going to open the agenda?
What's going to be happening in the next
three days?
>> Yes, Wangi is going to meet a number of
top officials. So including the national
security adviser, um the external
affairs minister, he's going to meet
with Prime Minister Modi as well
tomorrow. that's ahead of Modi's planned
trip to China sometime later in the
month to go for the Shanghai Cooperation
Organization meeting in Tanzin. Um, and
the meeting the purpose of this meeting
officially is to deescalate tension at
the border. We know that by some
estimates there are still about 50 to
60,000 troops at each side of the border
and we understand from sources that
China and India are now looking to
potentially reduce the number of troops
at the border. This would be very
significant uh sign of how both sides
are really starting to restore trust
there. They're also hoping to
potentially restart those trading posts
that are situated along the border. It's
a small amount of trade happening but
again if they restart um you know reopen
those post that has been closed since co
is also another significant sign of this
warming of relations.
>> And which sectors have emerged as
winners and losers given this sort of
fresh uh conversation we're having
between the two sides? Yeah. So, tourism
and airlines industries th those are
going to be the biggest beneficiaries uh
at least if uh you know both sides
resume those uh direct flights. We
already see airlines shares gaining on
the back of that. Um and of course the
electronics company, pharmaceutical
companies from India that import a lot
of key ingredients from China could
benefit from looser export controls. And
then we also have this quiet resurgence
of interest from the big Indian
companies like GSW and Adani. They have
been looking to quietly seek more
cooperation with Chinese firms for more
tech transfers and it's happening very
quietly because China had ostensibly
been very opposed to any tech transfers
to India. The Indian government has also
been screening and scrutinizing Chinese
investments. But if we do see publicly,
you know, this signal of a spring
awakening, if you will, between China
and India, we might start to see a
resurgence of deals between Chinese and
Indian companies as well.
>> Interesting. Mimman, thank you. Our
China correspondent Menllo there with
the latest on what to expect. Another
check of the markets here of course and
we're continue to watch of course these
key levels that we're tracking in the
Asshare market particularly when it
comes to the CSI 300. So we're still
about 1% away from hitting those peaks
that we reached in October.
>> Yeah, that was a few weeks that peak was
a a few weeks after the the briefing
coming out of the PBOC in late
September. So that's certainly one level
to track. Uh the Shanka composite is
separate level but you know the same
drivers have really driven up both those
benchmarks. In fact, I'm just counting
right now before I talk about uh the
stocks on your screens. We're only 24
minutes into the session and already
turnover on shore has crossed 700
billion remmbb. So in fact we took out
two trillion for a second day a third
day actually so Wednesday Thursday and
Friday last week. So turnover's been
picking up brokers what have you. N was
actually a big move coming off the big
move we had on Friday for similar
shares. Journey.com was also quite a big
move there. It's a big earnings week.
We'll talk more I guess I guess on the
back of that and Huah Hong Semi is now
falling. Shares are suspended in the
entra markets uh on the back of this uh
purchase that they're buying micro.
>> Yeah.
>> Solar stocks also in focus. Trump hit
tax credits were actually softer than
fear. So some solar stocks actually
setting aside breathing aside relief
this morning. Plenty more to come. This
is Boomer.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 a half hour into the
session and yes, we're continue to see
momentum behind this Asia rally, you
know, and really it's defied weak
fundamentals. Uh it's defied tariff
headlines and now we're already talking
about milestones where we're hitting
peaks that were set October of last
year.
>> I'm so excited. I'm so excited right
now. If only you guys could see my heart
rate right now on my watch.
>> Yes.
>> It's it's rare that we get this sort of
simultaneous crosset consistent
narrative. Money is coming out of bonds.
It's going into the equity market. It's
going into the onshore market. It's
coming offshore. So turnover at this
time of the day is usually not at the
level we're seeing at right now. Uh case
in point, turnover onshore has crossed
700 billion already. Rem uh in the first
25 minutes of trade. We're session highs
there. Uh CSI 300 1% away. Shanghai comp
is now oh we are now 1. No, in fact
we're there. Guys, can we flip the page,
please, and have a look at the chart
that's coming up on your screens now.
The bottom panel, if you see a zero on
the bottom panel, we're effectively now
at the highest level in 10 years. So,
we're pretty much there. The level to
watch is 3715
on the Shanghai Composite. So yeah,
we'll continue to track this very very
closely, but this is really just
academic and underscores the trend we've
seen uh of late
>> and and what's driving this divergence
that we continue to talk about between
the economy and these robust markets.
And you know, it it's for one, you know,
it's China's ability to weather some of
these tariffs that Trump uh has
underlaid here. The weak data, I guess
it means it's, you know, bad news is
good news that maybe there's more bets
and more expectations of fresh policy
support. And there's also the low
interest rate environment as you talk
about right which is really encouraging
a lot of households Dave with record
savings to really shift away from equity
a shift to equities for better returns.
So maybe that's what you're why you're
seeing that rotation out of bonds into
stocks still.
>> Yeah. Into equity markets. And I think
the the round table that we're going to
have a really deep dive into this
dichotomy this this this conversation
around whether or not the rally should
be taking place. You know, an
interesting observation really has been
money's come out of savings, it's gone
into financial instruments, should that
be going into more economic assets,
right? And at some point, if the economy
were to recover, does that mean the
stock market needs to pull back a little
bit because liquidity then goes
somewhere else? And I think it's a
conversation certainly uh questions that
we'll be asking later on, of course, our
guests coming through in the bottom of
the hour. In the meantime though, let's
get more context on these markets. And
joining us now out of Singapore is Mary
Nicola. uh out of our M live team to
take us through what they're watching.
And Mary, can I just start by just
asking about how you guys are viewing
this sort of quiet resurgence and march
higher in onore Chinese equities here?
>> Yeah, a lot of it really does have to do
with as you mentioned is the shift away
from more conservative assets and a
shift away from bonds into equities. So
you have seen an increase in margin
accounts. you have seen in the monetary
data as well where people are moving and
increasing their equity investments as a
result. So obviously people are looking
for yield and of course because the mark
uh property market still remains in the
doldrums you have to look for yield
elsewhere and right now where you're
providing returns where you're providing
where you're seeing those returns is in
equities. What's interesting though is
how so far actually if you look at the
tech 8 we've seen mixed results so far
from who who've reported and earning
season has been okay and then of course
we had a stream of lackluster data so
they're defying the odds um despite all
of these setbacks and of course the
tariffs as well but I think what the
focus really has been and what we're
seeing is that shift away from safety
assets into more um risk assets
particularly for China and for the
households.
>> Yeah, I certainly continue to see that
momentum. Um, take a look. I mean, I'm
looking at this week and you have a
great sort of piece that kind of
highlights maybe some of the risks that
we're dealing with with risk assets
leading up to Jackson Hole. You're
saying that we might actually see a
retreat uh on the back of what we hear
from J. Powell. What are you going to be
looking out for in particular?
Yeah, what we've seen so far, especially
in the run-up to this rally, a lot of
the rally has been fueled by prospects
of more Fed easing. For example, we had
almost just a few days ago, we had
traders pricing in as much as 30 basis
points of cuts in September. Obviously,
that's retreated, especially out of
after a hotter than expected PPI. Then
we get um US uh retail sales that was
stronger than that was robust. And of
course you've University of Michigan
inflation expectations were also higher.
So there's a lot of signs in the economy
that points to mixed messages of what
the Fed really will take on as more
important. So if if Jay Powell focuses
on the labor market and sets aside some
of the increases and some of the
tensions if in prices then then you can
see the rally resume. But you really
need for cues from Jay Powell to really
reignite that rally because that really
has been what has fueled the markets
over the last few weeks.
>> Yeah. And as you say, may may not see
any more fresh catalyst moving forward
after that. Mary Nicola, our Bloomberg m
live market strategist joining us out of
Singapore here this morning and brings
us to some of the top themes that we're
dealing with uh and and really was what
came out of Alaska, right? and and what
didn't come out of Alaska as well in
some ways, but it it seems like it's
going to come down to this whole kind of
trade-off between territory and and what
Ukraine is willing to give up and maybe
the security guarantees that Trump
alluded to that came out of Anchorage,
too.
>> Yeah. And well, you know, we're trying
to figure out what that deal was. Yeah.
And I think Vlad Misilansky heading
there with of course some some backup
some backup and support. They're trying
to figure that out, too, right? And to
what extent because the conflicting
concepts, right? to what extent can you
provide NATO style security guarantees
without giving membership without giving
membership right which is we know of
course a red line for Vladimir Putin so
yeah that's a conversation we'll be
having Jackson Hole we just talked about
that to to what extent we should be
further leaning into rate
>> cut expectations now that we still have
a lot of data points of course on the
deck before yeah before the well what is
it now 18 in fact this time next month
exactly to the day is when the Fed
meeting is going to take place.
>> Yeah. And then you know how how much is
JPAL going to really you know settle the
speculation as as B said
>> endorse it without promising.
>> Endorse it without promising it when
when the data seems to be showing
different signals right when you talk
about the US inflation print which you
know basically turbocharged that whole
September cut bet but that PPI prices
were firmer and quickly people were
recalibrating a little bit already. So
you know it's really data driven right
now.
>> It is you know in fact I'm going to give
a shout out to Mark Cudmore colleague
out of Singapore. I think he had a
fantastic uh piece on Friday and he
talked about how we are in fact headed
for a higher inflation world. You look
at the components of the CPI report that
came out. You look at the hot PPI print
which came out last week and it's
something that the markets haven't fully
wrapped their head around
>> but the trend has been clear that
inflation in non-tariff
>> non-tariff
>> nar components are starting to
>> wake up and how will how will J Powell
frame that amidst the the the sort of
dual mandate there of course right
that's just to say there's a lot of risk
on the table including of course what is
still to take place in the white house
later today uh in fact let's get a
preview of that meeting chill dies news
desk editor is here with us to help
contextualize of course this upcoming
conversation uh at the Oval Office.
>> Yeah, I think I mean there's a lot of
different factors that are really in
play here, right? As we've been
discussing, first of all, there's this
idea of what exactly does a US security
guarantee look like? Um particularly in
light of this meeting um you know what
does it mean to potentially give Ukraine
some kind of NATO protections without
actually um you know adding uh Ukraine
as a member to NATO? I think that that's
um a huge part of this that is unclear
as are obviously these territorial
concerns that we've been discussing. Um
certainly Putin wants some kind of
territorial concessions. Zilinsky has
said it's not on the table. I think the
other piece of this that's also really
critical here is um you know what we've
heard um you know Trump kind of given a
call to leaders over the weekend is this
idea that um he would like a Putin
Zalinsky meeting to happen within a
week's time or so. So certainly I think
in addition to the lack of clarity
around what exactly those security and
territorial uh issues ultimately look
like you're also potentially racing
against the clock when you've got Trump
who first of all is frustrated by the
fact that uh so far um you know he's
been unable to reach a peace deal in uh
between Russia and Ukraine. Something
that he really wanted to kind of get
done um you know really day one uh in
office as as president again. Um, and
now you've got him trying to sort of
speed up that timeline and try to get
something um, you know, over the line as
soon as possible while we're still
dealing with this very complex
situation.
>> There's a very interesting story from
the BN side about Trump's peace deal
demands leave Zalinski with only bad
options. How should he approach this
meeting later on today in the Oval
Office and avoid what happened 6 months
ago?
>> Yes. Well, I think, you know, first of
all, going into this Oval Office
meeting, he does have quite a lot of
allies with him this time around. So,
um, you know, I don't think we're likely
to see the optics that we did, uh,
earlier this year when you had Trump and
his vice president JD Vance kind of, you
know, ganging up and, uh, and and, you
know, kind of pushing back against
Silinsky. Uh, so you do have quite a bit
of the European Union that's going to
come alongside. I mean, at this point,
um, I think, you know, one thing that
they're ultimately looking to get out of
this meeting is more clarity on what
exactly these security guarantees from
the United States would look like.
Because if uh you know Trump is in this
meeting with Putin and is trying to work
towards some kind of a deal, I mean the
last thing that you ultimately want if
you're Zilinski is some kind of you know
vague security guarantee that maybe
means in a year's time or so um Putin is
empowered to restart a war or you know
try to you know ultimately um you know
take take more territory. So I think
that um I mean for for Zalinsky, for the
rest of uh the EU um you know any kind
of clarity over what exactly would you
know they could ultimately get
comfortable with in terms of a peace
deal is is what you really want to get
out of this meeting. But again um I
think you know it it certainly at this
point feels pretty high stakes uh I
think going into Monday for for Zilinsky
and
>> Okay. Well, we we know what we're going
to be talking about tomorrow. We don't
know topic. We don't know of course what
the the takeaways will be. Jill, thank
you so much for setting that up for us.
Jill D is there our news desk editor.
some big movers about 40 minutes into
the session. We'll leave you with a look
at this. GD.com, Net East, JD Health,
and Lenovo are your big movers to the
upside. Hanging index is better by over
1%. So, we're looking at that and yeah,
certainly there we go. Big big move
across the tech space as well. Big move
in insurers, big move in banks and
really underscores this rally that is
literally gaining momentum in the last
minute or so. It's pretty surprising um
just given what we've been seeing and
why we're seeing such a ferocious sort
of
>> momentum here after that data dump. I
thought it was going to be quite a sore
spot. I was off on Friday.
>> Um but yeah, it's like it never
happened. You took out coming up this
hour. We're looking at Yeah. this
disconnect, right? Mind the gap is what
BFA calls it here right now between
what's going on in economies and
markets. We have Jason Lloyd from Beerba
joining in that conversation as well.
what to do now in this divergence.
>> Yeah. But ahead of that, it's also
earning season in Oz and the group CEO
and MD at Lendley will be joining us in
a couple of minutes here. So there's
this ongoing restructuring, repivoting,
refocusing of its assets. We'll get an
update on that and of course what went
well, what didn't go well as far as the
company goes and what the outlook looks
like as far as a turnaround plan is
concerned. Stay tuned for that and more.
This is the China show.
All
[Music]
right, checking Lenley shares in
Australia here right now. There you go.
We're up some 5% on the back what we
heard in the earnings. So, returning to
profit, also increasing payout for its
shareholders, but then again, net income
still did miss estimates. But really,
it's a sign that maybe they're starting
to see some of the benefits of this
turnaround plan of of basically
unwinding uh a myriad of projects
outside of Australia, whether it's UK,
US, and Asia as well. Let's bring in the
group CEO and MD, Tony Lombardo. He says
the results reflect progress in
simplifying the group and refocusing its
capabilities to drive long-term value.
He joins us live from Sydney. Now, Tony,
it's great to have you. So this capital
recycling plan is is obviously the the
cornerstone of your business strategy
here right now. Tell us where you are
right now in terms of your devestments
and maybe tell us a bit more about you
know how things are so far.
>> Yeah, like on the turnaround strategy
there were three key elements and we did
some $2.5 billion of announced and
completed transactions at or above book.
So that was very pleasing. We exited all
of our international construction
operations in the last 12 months which
has changed the risk profile of the
group. And then finally we set ourselves
a target there to reduce cost by some
125 million during this financial year
which we exceeded that delivering a
result of 141 of cost savings which has
allowed the group to then focus on our
go forward business of investments
development construction. We've seen
those segments, our IBIDA up some 49%
for the period and we saw our operating
profit um coming in at 386 million
across those three um key components and
we've seen a return on that part of our
capital jumping to 13.6%. So pleasingly
simplification going well, business
starting to turn and then we've won a
number of new growth initiatives. So,
we've wanted a couple of new investment
mandates in our investment business for
one and a half billion for MPS and Quap
um two key capital partners for the
group. Going forward, we've secured some
$3 billion in new development projects.
um the last two in partnership with
Mitsubishi Estates Asia and also with
NSKRE who's a key partner out of Japan
and our construction book has grown by
some $5 billion of new work secured uh
in the last 12 months and and that's in
key sectors of data centers, defense
which is a big area and customer we
serve and then social infrastructure. So
we're starting to see a real uptick in
growth on a couple of our real
fundamental parts of the business going
forward.
Tony David here. Uh just to also maybe
follow up on one of the points you just
made. Are there any other uh sort of
major divestments still in in the
pipeline that you'd want to see?
>> Yeah, we flagged another $2 billion of
capital recycling that the group will
undertake over the next 12 months. There
are key things in in Malaysia, we
completed the TRX uh asset, which is a
retail office asset. We'll now look to
bring in capital partners. So, we're
exclusive uh with someone on that. So,
it's something we'll anticipate to get
done in this first half. We have our
retirement living co-investment uh that
we've had on the market. We got a life
process with three or four biders in
that process. So, we expect that uh to
be well and truly known. Those two
things alone is another billion. And
then there's other parts of the program
that we're looking to divest out of
different assets around the globe that
we're working through those strategies
at the moment.
H
>> has there been any sort of hold up in in
in why you haven't been able to sell
those remaining assets? I'm just
wondering are there still kind of key
headwinds or primary challenges in
really devesting your assets now?
>> No, we yeah we targeted 2.8 8 billion of
assets. You know, we announced 2.5. A
few things have slipped just based on
timing, but good momentum with good
appetite and interest from um respective
partners. Like we are exclusive on the
Malaysian asset. Uh we have three or
four biders. So, it's really a timing
thing. I just think in today's
environment, transactions are taking a
little bit longer, but we've well and
truly made significant progress on what
we were planning. We set out to do 4 and
a.5 million over five uh four four years
initially where hopefully we'll be able
to do that uh within 24 months. So from
that perspective that's great and the
cost side of things beat target and the
international construction we thought it
was 18 months we managed to do that with
under 12 months
>> and it's you know I think part of the
restructuring process has really
simplified well let me just simplify the
language improved your financial health
right gearing has has come down as well
I I want to understand as well I mean
the group has correct me if I'm wrong
Tony has has indicated that it plans a
share buyback where is there any update
on that where where is the board as far
as that that corporate action is
concerned?
>> Yeah, David, that's something that's
definitely on the cards. Um, we had set
ourselves some criteria to make sure
firstly we had substantially uh covered
that $2.8 billion of capital recycling
which we're very close to doing. Plus,
we wanted to see our forecast gearing
for this financial year get back at 15%
so at or below by the end of the
financial year. I think once we got that
confidence in the next few months, we're
sort of imminently away from announcing
uh that buyback. So, it's staying very
focused and completing what we need to
do on the simplification.
>> The RBA has begun cutting rates. I mean,
mind you, it's a gradual sort of easing
cycle, but does that change how you do
business? Would would you be more
inclined to speed up your asset sales in
Australia, Tony?
Yeah, I think the great thing about
rates coming down, it's just giving
investors that confidence that from a
property cycle, we've hit the bottom.
So, definitely the capital interest
coming back into the market had been a
lot stronger. Uh we've seen uh investors
come into things like our gem office in
our our global rate in Singapore just
sold at book value. We brought two new
investors in sitatsua into a UK asset
and we're definitely seeing an uptick of
interest in a number of the things we're
doing in Australia in particular with
capital partners and so I just think
there's a a level of appetite that now
everyone feels we're bottomed if
anything we're starting to see a bit of
uptick in the real estate cycle from
this point onwards.
Tony, I guess just the message that
markets have been getting because of the
sort of restructuring and repivoting of
the business we've had since I think
just over 12 months back. When do you
think the framing needs to be more in
growth than cost savings? Do you think
we've turned that page? Uh Tony?
>> Yeah know I think we've definitely
turned the page David this period
calling out one and a half billion in
new investment mandates. We've also got
raised capital investments of some $2
billion to deploy in strategies in data
centers and other value ad opportunities
plus the new quap mandate I've called
out. We're in the process of raising
another three billion to support
strategies in credit across Australia
and US across value add opportunities
that sit across Australia and Japan. So
very active in the investment space.
We've bid on some $25 billion worth of
new developments here in Australia. A
number of those uh things will start to
hear back. In particular in Queensland
in Australia, we've been selected to
deliver our site, the athletes village
for the Olympic Games in 2032. So we're
in negotiations with government on what
that looks like as a transaction. And
then in Sydney, we're very close to
hearing on another office tower which
has got about a $2 billion end value. So
gaining momentum. And then the
construction side, the 5 billion of new
work secure, but we've got preferred
work of some 8.8 8 billion in our
construction pipeline. So, I'd expect
our revenues in construction to tick up
from their low point this year of 3
billion in the medium-term heading back
to five. So, we're simplifying, but
we're really starting to focus on that
pivot back into growth across our key
three businesses of investment,
management, development, and
construction.
>> Yeah. You mentioned a few on on how do
you re you're restocking your project
pipeline in Australia right now. what
what is going to be the key strategy in
terms of uh funding those opportunities
while also deleveraging the balance
sheet?
>> Yeah, the business made a pivot in our
business model to ensure that we
bringing joint ventures to partner with
us um at inception or close to inception
of securing those projects. So when we
look at our development book, we have
globally some $80 billion of
developments. Um there are some that
we're looking to devest but the core
book is going to be sitting at some 65
billion. Of that 85% are now in joint
ventures with our key key capital
partners around the world. So that's
just helping us reduce the amount of
capital that we need to put on balance
sheet. It supports uh generation of
development management fees and other
fee streams as we execute those
projects. So the business model in
development has pivoted and it's moved
away from onbalance sheet development to
joint venture partnerships and with a
large portion of the group's
developments now in joint ventures some
85% as I stated.
>> Tony any anything else we missed? What
do you think? It's a fairly long
statement. You know I tried to print out
the whole statement but you know I also
care about the environment. So yeah help
us understand what we didn't touch on
there. Look, I think that's I think
you've covered, David, the critical
components, but I think from here on in
in the next 12 months is complete the
asset sale program, which will deliver
another two billion of capital back for
the group. That will continue to
strengthen the balance sheet. It's them
redeploying that capital into
investments, development, construction.
And I think a restocking of a
development book through the next 12 to
24 months by adding over 10 to 15
billion of new developments will start
to show the profile of earnings moving
into 27 and onwards. And we're feeling
quite strong with $4.4 billion of
developments now completing at one
circular key in our Vic Harour project
in Australia. And in Singapore we have
com center which is our big development
uh where Singtel is the cornerstone
tenant for 33% completing into FY28. So
we're starting to now see that execution
and that profile of future earnings
coming through.
>> Tony, it's great to have you. Thanks for
joining us. Lenley's group CEO and MD
Tony Lombardo there. Uh we're going to
get some lines crossing here on now a
confirmation of when President Trump is
going to be meeting with Vladimir
Zalinski as well as European leaders. So
1:15 p.m. Eastern time on Monday is when
he meets with Zalinski. So they have
about a 2h hour well 1 hour 45 me hour
meeting. Then they're going to meet with
the European leaders at 3 p.m. as well.
So that's confirmed. Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Uh, pulse check.
Uh, the markets were doing very well on
the equity markets, particularly here in
Hong Kong and up in mainland China. In
fact, at 3721, we're now at the highest
level in 10 years on a Shanghai
composite. Weatherwise though, we're not
doing too well here in Hong Kong where
we still have it's an amber rainstorm
warning that's up over the city. So, an
update of the weather and the market
weather coming up next as well.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets a
lot nicer than what we're seeing in Hong
Kong here this morning. We're just
heading to that lunch break. And yes,
equity markets are doing very well in
Japan. We're up about 8/10en of 1% here.
The topics is also up 17 points. Yen is
weaker on that front as well. But yes,
we got to get our minds wrapped around
again, Dave. 20-year bond auction in
Japan. Oh, no. Happening on Tuesday.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. Flashbacks of uh not very good
things, right? So, there's So, we've had
two of that already today, right?
20-year bond auction. Thank you for
reminding me of that. And of course, the
other big story is Vladimir Zilinski is
heading to the White House. And of
course, we have certainly memories of
what happened the last time that
happened uh six months ago. And we have
now timings for that. Right. So, in case
you missed that, I think it's 1:30 a.m.
if you're watching out of Hong Kong and
it's 3 a.m., which then goes into the
European leaders meeting. Anyway, back
to the here and now. Shanghai Composite
in the last 10 minutes or so has t took
out the high that we hit back in 2021.
So, we're now at a level, frankly, since
Ivon and I just started at Bloomberg
about 10 years ago or something, right?
When we were still brighteyed and not as
>> not sleepd deprived,
>> not sleep deprived. We were not as
cynical. Uh but yeah, that just gives
you some context of how far we've
actually come. There we go. Right. Uh
turnover. Uh one other thing we're
tracking today. So, three straight days
of two trillion turnover onshore
Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. And in
the first hour of trade, we've already
taken out the 1 trillion level as far as
onore markets go. And not to even
mention separately, the southbound flow
is coming in, right? Record amount of
purchases over the southbound connect on
Friday. I think 36
if I'm not mistaken. Yeah. which is
about 80 85% of the quota but yeah
certainly it's a this reawakening of the
market Ivon
>> yeah uh quite surprising just given how
bad that data was really on Friday right
so um a lot of economists have been
talking about this as well I think
they're fielding a lot of questions from
clients about what the heck's going on I
mean I'm talking about weak fundamentals
but equity markets are on fire here came
out with a great report about the great
divergence right a common theme was a
stark divergence between weak
macroeconomic fundamentals and improving
equity market performance performance.
But this is what they found out, right?
Can it continue? They still agree
momentum will weaken in terms of the
economy in the second half? You have
negative payback from frontload exports
the like. But there is one underlying
thing that is keeping this equity market
going perhaps in the near term, which is
liquidity, right? So that certainly is
the key thing that's driving things here
right now. Let's get let's get dig into
this a little bit deeper here. We've
brought in Helen Chow also uh from BFA
Global Research, Chief CH Greater China
Economist, also Jason Ly from B&B
Paraba, head of APAC equity and
derivative strategy at B&B Paraba. He
always talks about flows. We got talk
about Helen first.
>> Tell us a bit more about this dichconomy
and why do you think weak fundamentals
are not bearish for the market right
now?
Well, I think the market is probably
looking through the fundamentals at the
moment because of the support as you
said Ivon that the liquidity has been
pretty abandoned and at the same time
some of the things that the market was
expecting previously such as on the you
know trade war front is actually
happening better than they originally
expected. So I think they are looking
over the current weak patch of the
economy and probably thinking beyond
that term. That said, I have to say that
the current economic state is not
necessarily at a you know a extremely
healthy one. Uh we are seeing especially
last week for example money and credit
data already showed that there is a
general lack of uh of confidence in
investment as well as in consumption. If
you look at the retail sales numbers as
well as fixed asset investment numbers
both are pretty weak. So IP was okay
mainly because that the export growth
was fine for now but we don't know for
how long right because of such
uncertainty in such a trade environment
so overall speaking the economy is not
in a great state but investors are more
than happy to look beyond that well this
is one of the uh the the the few times
that you probably do not necessarily see
the fundamentals and the market go hand
in hand and that happens from time to
time
>> Jason does the rally make sense to
I think both of you and also Helen
brought up some very good points. So if
we go back to Ivonne's point earlier
about it's all about liquidity and
something that Helen mentioned when we
think about liquidity there are two
parts to it the quantity and the cost.
When we look at the cost the interest
rate situation in China has already come
down quite a lot and when we talk about
the quantity I think recently uh there's
an article suggesting that the Chinese
household saving has exceeded 160
trillion reming B. So you have low cost
and a lot of quantity to invest which is
something that is quite unusual because
if you go back to your earlier point uh
David when you go back to 10 years ago
where Shanghai commerce what it is the
interest rate environment is also very
different. So for a lot of domestic
household when they look at 10year
government bond at 1.6 1.7%. And then
all of a sudden the large cap companies
giving you almost 3% yield from a income
generation perspective the Chinese
domestic equity it's actually a very
appealing alternative.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, I was going to ask
you, Helen, actually, is the fact that
the market's doing well, is that
actually almost a sign that there's just
really no other good alternative
economic asset for consumers to put
their money in at the moment? In other
words, instead of leaving it at the
back, I'm going to put in the market.
Instead of buying property, I'm going to
put it in the market.
Well, there could be some element of
that, but David, I'm not trying to
reconcile the difference between the
market and the fundamentals, which
historically, you know, I don't
necessarily think that they always go
hand in hand as we said.
>> But that said, I would say that indeed
there is a general lack of uh confidence
in terms of investment and for example,
investing in uh property or you know
other type of assets. Um but that said
if you were saying that if people
completely have no no confidence in
investing in anything then what would
necessarily this uh equity market would
be the only option or they would rather
hold on to all this cash. Um so in an
extremely deflationary environment I
would say that people would probably
find it difficult to even you know put
more money into the uh the market into
the market uh even at a time when as
Jason was saying that when the
government bond is offering very little
they may be too afraid to put it into
any of the equity market. Um so that
probably implies that there are
structural opportunities in certain
pockets where people see much higher uh
much higher certainty and therefore
higher probabilities of getting better
profitability in the future. So they are
looking beyond the short-term
volatility.
>> It seems like after that data dump on
Friday though people have actually
reinvigorated their bets that we might
need we need more stimulus.
Are we likely going to get large
stimulus or is it going to become of a
drip feed of what we've been seeing so
far?
>> Well, that's very good question, Ivon.
But in our view at the moment, the bar
is still pretty high. Uh the reason is
that while the data from June to July,
you saw that you know it kept going
down. However, is it as bad as it
urgently calls for something immediate?
Maybe not. And also in our view we think
policy makers are still relatively
comfortable with the current state of
the economy especially after a pretty
strong second quarter. Um so first half
being 5.3% second quarter being 5.2
alone were definitely a beat relative to
the expectation everybody had at the
beginning of the year. So, you know,
while the incremental news from Mensley
data is telling us that things are
getting worse, we don't necessarily
think that changes the mentality at the
very top to introduce much more stimulus
at the point. So, we were lucky to see
you know this interest subsidy that came
out um last week. We think this is in a
way to qu kind of like um you know
comfort the market before the bad data
hit. However, would that be sufficient
uh in terms of u you know revigorating
the whole economy and reversing the the
uh CPI and PPI deflationary trend? Uh we
don't think that will be enough although
it's a good start.
>> And Jason you know one of the big
drivers of this equity market
particularly onure have been this long
dividends and long banks. Do you think
that continues and does that make sense
given the economic reality still?
>> Sure. I think Helen brought up a term
about confidence and this is something
that historically the China Asia market
is quite volatile right we've seen a lot
of boom bust cycle in the equity market
over the years and since last year what
has changed is that we've now seen the
government getting involved in the
equity market by ETF and if you look at
year to date the volatility of the China
onshore market let's say CSI 300 for
example it's actually lower than S&P 500
so it's starting to create this kind of
confidence building process it's going
to take time I I don't think the onshore
investors are fully believing in the
market will continue to rally without
seeing some improvement on growth. But
when we think about equity market, there
are two parts to it. There's the
earnings growth part and there's the
income generation part. So when you are
struggling to get any income generation
from other products, receiving roughly
3% cash flow from that process while
waiting for the government policy to
come in and translate through earnings,
it's a more appealing process. And so
that's why when investor look at these
different themes to Helen mentioned
about different pockets, the so-called
low volatility, high dividend investment
theme, it's a nice way to carry them
through until they see more specific uh
policies being implemented.
>> Okay. Where should where are funds and
flows are showing you in terms of where
things can be sustainable? I mean the
beginning of the year was was eight
share. Seems like a shares are now
catching up. A or H what do you prefer?
I think those are two very separate
investment story because of the market
structure is very different. If you look
back at the Q1, right, it's all about
the deepseat generated excitement around
technology and that's where the Hong
Kong market tends to shine because a lot
of your large internet companies are in
Hong Kong and that seems to be going
through a different process at the
moment. But in turn when some of the
anti-involution policies start to come
out, this is where the onshore market is
better suited because there's a lot of
traditional industry still being listed
there. So I think we are now in this
kind of transition period that for
investor who wants to position for
anti-involution, it seems that they're
willing to put more money into the
onshore market. But for those of them
who are more into the AI related stuff,
then I think Hong Kong still offers
something different. So this year I
think investor can actually find ample
opportunity set if they're willing to go
down into sector or fematic levels.
>> Very good point that Jason brought up,
right? you know the the state funds and
ETFs and I wonder Helen do you think the
equity market is although not directly
part of the policy cocktail of the
government to reflate let's say reflate
confidence
>> I think it is part of that mix um in
terms of objective functions for the
government at least if you think about
CSRC I'm sure that they would love to
see a share going up rather than going
down but that said I don't necessarily
think that they have a numerical target
to go to a certain level. I think the
the the objective is actually to keep it
stable and hopefully slightly up, but as
long as it slowly gets a certain point,
it is okay either way. So, I don't
necessarily think that policy makers
wouldn't care about the stock market and
you know, even if it tanks, it's not
part of their thing to watch. That's not
true. I think policy makers in Beijing
watch very closely as well. Uh however
do you you know do I think that the
entire uh um you know market performance
was due to the uh the you know the guad
right the national team's help probably
not. I think that still was based on
what Jason was saying the deepseek
moment at the very beginning and the
earnings improvement later on. So I
think that still has to come from the
fundamentals. Well, that said, that also
implies one thing, which is going to the
second half, if we continue to beat the
expectations of investors on company
earnings as well as macro fundamentals,
then we stay here. Uh, and the
uncertainty, however, is that do we
still keep the uh the trade environment
at a relatively stable, you know,
environment. uh and at the same time do
we see domestic demand is staying
relatively stable or at this moment
money and credit data which are leading
indicators are telling us that things
are not looking that good.
>> What does the fourth quarter look like
to you then? There's still a lot of
debate about what exports going to look
like, what sort of payback we're going
to see if any. What's your take?
>> We think Q3, Q3, Q4 are probably going
to do uh okay, but not as well as in Q1
and Q2. Obviously, we're going to have a
higher first half and a lower second
half, but Q3 probably has slightly more
uh uncertainty compared to Q4. Okay,
this is because that we will may see
some payback of the front-loaded export
orders. You know, you have bought a lot,
you know, in advance and probably this
is the time to detock a little bit. And
we also see the uh the the potential
challenge, for example, coming from the
uh the investment slowdown. You saw the
numbers from the uh um the negative
year-on-year numbers for from fixed
asset investment in July. This was not
the first time it blinked in red, right?
The June numbers was a 0.5% for
headline. And both infrastructure as
well as manufacturing investment growth
numbers, which used to be the most
important driver for FAI growth, were
actually now down uh pretty notably. So
we are seeing some downward momentum and
we do think that more policy easing is
warranted but we think that the timing
of that coming out may still be probably
more postponed into late September and
probably October.
>> Jason the what do you make of the
earning season so far and what does that
tell you about where the economy goes
particularly guidance from companies?
Sure. I think uh so far we have seen is
a little bit more kind of divergence
right when you look at how the earnings
estimate has evolved especially this
year we've seen a fairly concentration
of that earnings optimism concentrated
around technology related stocks
probably for a good reason especially
after these seat movement but for the
past few weeks as we see companies in
listed in Hong Kong start to report we
also start to see some divergence
picture even within the some kind of
technology related stocks right we have
if you're a media entertainment
companies your earnings seems to be
quite good but if you're e-commerce then
you still there's some uncertainty
regarding this intense composition when
it comes to food delivery and instant
retail how much would it impact the
bottom line so I think even within the
uh technology space I think we may need
another quarter or so to fully
understand the short-term and the
long-term impact of some of those
competition happening in the e-commerce
space
>> all right great stuff thank you so much
Jason L from BB Paraba Helen Chow from
chief greater China economist of BFA
global research joining us there for a
great discussion. Uh we're gonna get
some lines here right now. Uh this is
according to Vlen Zalinski. So uh the
Ukrainian leader is now confirmed. He
says, "I have already arrived in
Washington." Why are we showing the
taibot? Okay, let's talk about GDP
numbers first.
>> Yeah.
>> 2.8% for year-on-year numbers for
growth. That is the expectations.
>> Just in case
>> uh GDP for quarteron quarter also
beating expectations there from
Thailand.
>> Okay. Uh back to the announcement. Yes.
of Vladimir Malinski
uh just put a statement out on X. You
can read about that there. I have
already arrived in Washington tomorrow
of course I am meeting uh with President
Trump. We're also speaking with European
leaders and of course I think about 20
minutes back we didn't get specific
timings on when those meetings would be
>> 1:15 p.m. Eastern time for Zinski and
then the European leaders all gather
after that 3 p.m. So
>> okay, we know where our top story will
be this time tomorrow. Right. A lot of
breaking news. Uh we'll get you more
coming up. Of course, we'll take a short
break and a full market roundup coming
through as well. Uh, this market is
rallying quite hard this Monday morning.
Plenty more ahead.
[Music]
All right, take a look at some world
news this morning. China is escalating
its trade fight with Canada, filing a
WTO complaint over Ottawa's steel
tariffs and quotas. Beijing calls the
measures typical trade protectionism
after also slapping duties on Canadian
canola. Tensions have grown since Canada
moved against Chinese steel, aluminum,
and electric vehicles. Ottawa says it's
protecting domestic producers hurt by US
tariffs. China's top diplomat Wang Yi
heads to India on Monday for his first
trip there in more than 3 years. He's
set to meet with Prime Minister Narendra
Modi on Tuesday. The three-day visit
comes as Beijing works to ease
long-standing tensions with India amid
President Trump's global trade overhaul.
>> Okay. Well, really on that story, we've
seen markets already reward a lot of
these Indian firms that have links to
businesses or at least a footprint uh
within the sort of China ecosystem. In
fact, we might even see a further
resurgence as far as that's concerned
thanks to what we were just pointing out
there. the backdrop of thawing relations
between the two sides. So more really on
this trade, what's taking place and can
it actually continue? Abishek Vishno,
our senior Asia equities reporters here
to talk us through this. Yeah, you know,
Abby, we've already seen markets
uh get ahead of this. Can it continue? I
guess is a question.
I
>> I think it should continue. I mean what
we are getting from our reporting is
that these companies have started moving
um as uh this thorn relations between
India and China becoming more and more
public. Now um it's not essentially a
new theme even before Trump actually
imposed or threatened to impose these uh
you know huge tariffs on India. There
were a lot of companies which were doing
JVS or partnership with Chinese
companies. there were a lot of companies
which had investments from uh you know
Chinesebacked uh uh big funds or big
companies. So this theme was slowly
taking shape. Um just that at the policy
level there were still some ifs and buts
that whether you know government
actually is going to follow its word on
attracting more Chinese investments or
getting a bit more comfortable in terms
of Chinese inputs. But now given both
the countries have been pushed to into a
corner India more so now given the
tariff threats um both are coming
together and uh you know it is uh it's a
theme which will continue I mean despite
the skirmish at in 2020 at the border
between India and China uh China and US
are almost sort of an equal level
partner as far as total trade is
concerned for India and um you know
economists wouldn't see this as um as
something impossible that you know China
becomes comes a bigger trading partner
or biggest trading partner for India.
Um, having said that, you know, this is
just a set of companies. It's it's a set
of companies, a group of companies in an
otherwise underperforming market. So,
uh, it's a tailwind for those companies
only. You know, it's not a tailwind for
the market yet.
>> Abishek, uh, another story that you're
tracking is Modi is now saying India
could cut the consumption taxes in a way
to spur growth. Is that going to be a
potential tailwind for equities?
>> Absolutely. That's a way bigger trigger
for Indian markets and it feeds right
into you know the most important thing
which has been dragging India's
performance which is earnings growth.
Now um I think the economy is still made
up of 60% of consumption for India.
urban consumption was a bit slower than
the rural one and these tax cuts or tax
rationalization are directly going to
feed into you know consumer durables
consumer you know staples uh consumer
discretionary so that has been India's
strength you know um in when when um you
know everybody was looking for a
consumption bet let's say a decade ago
so it's sort of doubling down on that um
and if you look I mean there's a lot of
excitement around automakers um you know
cement producers uh electrical goods
makers. So it's India being pushed on
the wall towards the wall in in the wake
of US tariffs and other global
turbulences. Uh there is a lot of reform
that is coming in and you know this is
also in line with what the RBI has been
doing. So if you now look at at what the
government and RBI is doing the two
biggest source of liquidity in in
economic system uh central bank as well
as government are now turning uh you
know um very positive. Central bank has
been cutting rates. It has been
promising that if the inflation which
has already you know come below its
comfort level uh there is room for more
easing and government is also following
through on you know on a wide array of
reforms including the most uh latest
one. So it this can actually um you know
um give some comfort to foreign money
which has been leaving uh the shores in
wake of a sort of um anemic earnings
growth and high valuations. And you know
if you think about the in the valuations
context valuations are actually at at a
5-year average for India. So this
actually would probably lead to you know
an absolute positive return by the end
of this this year most likely.
>> Perhaps while we're seeing India futures
up some one and a half% here this
morning. Morning Abishek. Thank you. Our
senior Asia equities reporter Abishek
Bishnoi. We got plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Cue the humanoid robots. Yeah, you got
to show it, man. Of course, Uni Tree
Robotics is behind on some of these
machines and really grabbed the
spotlight at the World Humanoid Robot
Games in China over the weekend. So, the
H1 Robot won gold in the 1500 meter race
with a listed time of 6 minutes and 35
seconds. That's not them though. That's
them play soccer. But the 3-day event
hosted in Beijing was the latest
showcase for challengers to test the
challenge to Tesla and other US
companies. And of course in this
emerging field of advanced robotics of
course you got to have a whole games
around it right they play the drums too
>> did a on your mark get set then lock and
pop right
back this week with focus of course all
on humanoid robots 8:30 a.m. Hong Kong
times.
>> Yeah, cats of course with Bell and
Cherry coming through. In fact, this one
group of core of stocks we're tracking
on the back of that are some of these
robotic related names uh in China coming
up on your screens very shortly. There's
that. There's Huah Hong Semi which is
down on the back of this stake purchase.
PopMart is also doing well. That's an
earning story that's coming through this
week. And of course, the other bit is
the milestones we're hitting as far as
the Shanghai Composite and other
mainland benchmarks are concerned. And
we're nearing one and a half trillion
now in turnover about 90 minutes into
the session. And of course, Shanghai
Comp is now on track to close at the
highest level in 10 years. This is the
China Show.
[Music]